# Browse orders as a regular user


## Definitions:

**Menu items:** A menu item is the a dish served in the restaurant and is defined with below parameters in the database

- Item Id (auto generated by the database)
- Name of the dish
- Descrition of the dish
- One or more images (different resolutions)
- Details of the cateogry it belongs to
- Price
- Is Featured item flag


**Category:** A category classifies the dishes. It is defined in the database as below

- Category Id (Auto generated by the database)
- Name of the category
- Description of the category
- Image (Optional)

<hr>

## Landing screen

As a user, 

1. Login the Taste of India app
2. If the login is successful, landing screen is displayed which is divided into two parts
	1. Featured items
	2. Categories view

## Featured view:

Displayed as carousel view for all the featured items

- Upon login, the client requests a list of featured items from the server
- Server then:
	- Checks if user is authentic (logged in)
	- Check if the user role is ```REGULAR``` user.
	- If the first two checks fail, error is returned back.
	- Otherwise, available list of featured items is requested from the database
		- If no featured items are available, an empty list is returned 
		- Else, list of featured items is returned (See defintions for exact fields)
- If server returns an empty list, featured item view is hidden from the screen.
- Otherwise, images are downloaded from their paths provided in the response, cached and carousel is built


## Catetories view

- Clients requests a list of categories from the server
	- The category GET api may or may not return list of item under the category
- Client displays the list of categories
- When the category is clicked, the corresponding menu items are displayed


## Menu items

If client does not already have list of menu items. They can be retrieved from the server.

Server should provide a way to retrieve all menu item or menu items under a category.

Browse menu screen contains below:

- Category name (as heading for the menu items)
- List of menu items in the category with each menu item defined by
	- Name
	- Description 
	- Add to cart icon next to it clicking which adds the item to the cart.

## Add Item to Cart screen

- The add item to cart screen is opened when an item on menu items screen is clicked.
- The screen contains
	- Image of the item
	- Name of the item
	- Description of the image
	- A text box for add special instruction
	- A quantity picker to increase/decrease quantity.
	- A button to add item to the cart

- Clicking the add to cart button adds the current item to cart with quantity.



